elucid cv section.md, before:

Elucid Mhealth
----

### Software Developer
#### July 2016 - Feb 2020

* Developed Android app from prototype to robust product. 
  Rewrote legacy and prototype code to include null safety, fallback conditions and comprehensive logging.
* Wrote the reference implementation for our product's driver as a standalone JVM library,
  allowing us to license of the hardware product (without the app) for use with other companies' platforms.
  All our bluetooth APIs on other devices (iOS, desktop) were based on this design.
* Collaboratively designed new ReSTful APIs with the software team for interopability across platforms 
  (consistent binary-compatible data formats and structures across Android, iOS and web)
* Wrote a fault-tolerant high-level network protocol to exchange data that our central server and app instances each generated.
  This design was reused on other platforms.
* Proactively maintained Android app over time by migrating the codebase to newer technology stacks & APIs such as Kotlin, Job Scheduler and Room.
* Wrote local regression tests using Mockito and JUnit, and end-to-end tests using the UI automation framework Espresso

Responsibilities were not limited to Android app Development:

* Soldered and built hardware prototypes
* Gave live demonstrations of our product at networking events
* Ran focus groups with members of the public
* Negotiated with hardware consultancy firm over product designs and features
* Wrote automated check-out scripts to set up development environments from scratch, improving onboarding time & E2E testing workflow
* Created a versioning system for app builds, using gradle and shortened Git commit IDs
* Wrote mock REST server in Kotlin to decouple app testing from server

Commit message:

add new section in elucid md before list of roles

elucid cv section.md, after:

Elucid Mhealth
----

### Software Developer
#### July 2016 - Feb 2020

Chiefly responsible for working on the Android app (and frequently collaborating with another developer whose responsibilities sometimes included android work), however I had a myriad of other roles and responbilities

* Developed Android app from prototype to robust product. 
  Rewrote legacy and prototype code to include null safety, fallback conditions and comprehensive logging.
* Wrote the reference implementation for our product's driver as a standalone JVM library,
  allowing us to license of the hardware product (without the app) for use with other companies' platforms.
  All our bluetooth APIs on other devices (iOS, desktop) were based on this design.
* Collaboratively designed new ReSTful APIs with the software team for interopability across platforms 
  (consistent binary-compatible data formats and structures across Android, iOS and web)
* Wrote a fault-tolerant high-level network protocol to exchange data that our central server and app instances each generated.
  This design was reused on other platforms.
* Proactively maintained Android app over time by migrating the codebase to newer technology stacks & APIs such as Kotlin, Job Scheduler and Room.
* Wrote local regression tests using Mockito and JUnit, and end-to-end tests using the UI automation framework Espresso

Responsibilities were not limited to Android app Development:

* Soldered and built hardware prototypes
* Gave live demonstrations of our product at networking events
* Ran focus groups with members of the public
* Negotiated with hardware consultancy firm over product designs and features
* Wrote automated check-out scripts to set up development environments from scratch, improving onboarding time & E2E testing workflow
* Created a versioning system for app builds, using gradle and shortened Git commit IDs
* Wrote mock REST server in Kotlin to decouple app testing from server
